Domains for system design

-- think on these --
Abstraction. It’s a very important topic for system design interview. You should be clear about how to abstract a system, what is visible and invisible from other components, and what is the logic behind it. Object oriented programming is also important to know.
Database. You should be clear about those basic concepts like relational database. Knowing about No-SQL might be a plus depends on your level (new grads or experienced engineers).
Network. You should be able to explain clearly what happened when you type “gainlo.co” in your browser, things like DNS lookup, HTTP request should be clear.
Concurrency. It will be great if you can recognize concurrency issue in a system and tell the interviewer how to solve it. Sometimes this topic can be very hard, but knowing about basic concepts like race condition, dead lock is the bottom line.
Operating system. Sometimes your discussion with the interviewer can go very deeply and at this point it’s better to know how OS works in the low level.
Machine learning (optional). You don’t need to be an expert, but again some basic concepts like feature selection, how ML algorithm works in general are better to be familiar with.

-- then follow -- 
4. Top-down + modularization

e.g Youtube
discuss front end and network and then backend
user requests data backends queries videos and returns the videos

then go in detail if required

-- then for each module ---
discuss pros and cons of approaches you are willing to take in terms of space and time and so on



1. Youtube :- 

basic functionality 
go to url
 -> home page
 types in search box
 gets results related to video
 clicks on video watches it
 likes and comments
 ----------
 more videos like this -> suggestions
 
 search results -> scroll down we will have next set of videos. 
--------------

database model, video/image storage, scalability, recommendation, security and so on

for videos - cdn , content delivery network, scalability is taken care by cdn

popular videos save on cdn less popular save efficiently based on region.

cache - 

security - view hacking of video, sql injections


